Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I told you all in my livestream, the Lord said, 'Saturday, Saturday, Saturday.
Pray over Saturday.
' That was whenever I saw the United States of America striking Iran on our Saturday in the middle of the night.
And I said, 'Why not Friday?
' He said, 'Because when the stock market's open, you're not going to see this.
' And I never relayed that publicly because there's a lot of things, like when I'm doing a live, I don't say a lot of things I see because I have to filter it.
You know, I take this job, this responsibility of what the Lord has given me, very seriously.
So, we see what happens today.
We did it.
And I was in a boardroom last night—I was caught up in a boardroom—and I saw Trump talking, and there was a screen behind him.
Did I make that?
I think that was live.
Yeah, okay, that was live.
We must stand with Israel.
And that's exactly what we did today.
He made a decision by the Holy Spirit because we prayed for him, ladies and gentlemen.
And he made it because the Lord told him to do it.
And so what happens now?
That's what we must pray over America.
We must pray over America.
And what I've seen about the sleeper cells, I believe that with all my heart, Homeland Security, these people, we're going to stop this because of our prayers, because of the prayers of the righteous.
Number two, what I warned you all about: Vladimir Putin.
When this is going on over here, what's going on over here?
And I heard Vladimir Putin say in an interview, 'Ukraine is ours, rightfully.
And we're going to take back all of Ukraine, and if America tries to, we'll use nukes, basically.
' Yeah, I don't know, but yeah, no, they said if they retaliate, yeah, if we retaliate.
So if they try to do anything to stop him, whatever, he'll use whatever he can, dirty bombs or whatever.
I told you I saw that spirit coming on that man like a Hitler.
So, that's more for you all to pray about as our prayer family for Ukraine.
I know what I've seen—an escalation.
And the Lord said at the beginning of the year, what I said, 'What does 2025 hold for us?
' And He said, 'War, war, war, war, war, war.
' And He said that several times.
Then He said, 'A financial shifting.
You're going to see the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
The ones that are listening, pay attention.
Listen.
I will not yell in these time frames.
' You're going to start to see, basically, a new global platform being laid for digital currency.
You're going to start to see that, and we see what Trump said in that Truth Social post.
So, there's a lot of things that are happening just like the Lord told us.
Then He was playing chess, and the Lord showed me He was moving His chess pieces.
He said, 'He's trying to strategically calculate every single move.
' The man is a brilliant man.
And most people do not realize how brilliant Trump is.
His mind is like he's Einstein, you know?
I don't say he's that smart, but he's a very intelligent man.
And the Lord showed me he was calculating everything strategically in his mind of what outcome he believed would happen if he did certain things.
So, we see the outcome of what he decided today.
So, now we pray for our nation.
We pray for big gatherings.
We pray for Las Vegas.
We pray for Omaha.
People say, 'What are the ten cities?
' I saw Houston, I saw Dallas-Fort Worth, I saw Chicago, I saw Los Angeles, I saw Seattle, I saw New York, I saw Miami, I believe it was Boston, Atlanta, Phoenix, Arizona, and I believe that's all ten.
I'm sorry if I'm missing some, I apologize, I'm rattling them off.
But those are the main ones I saw, the big cities.
But the Lord said, 'Pay attention, Brandon, in this last prayer time.
Pay attention to the small cities also.
' It's not just about the small cities, but the ten major cities were the ones harboring these people, and watch the blue states.
But He was saying these people are harboring them.
Oh, Boston was another one to watch out for, the Boston area.
Oklahoma City was one.
Those are the cities that I saw activity, and the Lord showed me ants within—like an uprising of ants.
When we struck Iran, I saw ants within, and it would be a Pearl Harbor-type event.
Pearl Harbor when people are not expecting.
He said, 'If you're looking for it, this is when they're not.
' He said, 'This will be a day when you're not watching, when your guard is down.
Pay attention.
' And I saw drones flying in over certain places trying to hurt our president—drones on golf courses.
He was playing golf, and I saw a drone.
Now, how could they do that?
I have no idea.
But folks, I'm just telling you what I saw by the Spirit of God.
So, you say, 'Well, I don't agree with it.
' Well, I'm here to tell you, because you'd think the Secret Service would pick up on that.
It was, I guess, way high.
I have no idea, but we have radar, so I don't know.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
It was stealth, I have no idea, or if it was a lower one.
But there was something about him playing golf, and the Lord said, 'Pray over him, pray over his grandkids, pray over...
' And that was when the Lord brought up the Kennedy curse.
And I saw the Kennedy curse—pray over his grandkids.
Pray over these things because it's very important that we cover him in prayer in these days ahead.
He—I believe he made the right decision by eliminating the opportunity for Iran to have nuclear power.
Now, Israel needs to finish the job and let's get this done with.
What will happen in escalation: I saw biological weapons trying to come to Syria and strike Israel with a biological attack in the days ahead from the mountains.
Now, if we eliminated that today, that prayer changes things.
That's what I'm believing.
We don't want to see women or children or anybody be hit with biological weapons—some kind of mustard gas or whatever this was that I saw.
Number two, we pray over Turkey and what's going to happen next.
I saw an escalation with Turkey and Syria, and then there'll be—I saw actual foot troops marching, and I've often wondered if that was what happened with Hezbollah during October.
Birthing pains are coming back-to-back.
It won't just be war, war.
It will be a shaking of the land: earthquakes, volcanoes.
And I'm still wondering what it is about the sky.
The Lord said He would shake the heavens, shake the comets, the things in the atmosphere, all like the stars and things like that, the blood moons.
He said, 'I'm going to shake—five different shakings.
The economy will be shaken.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity for the wealthy sinner laid up to the righteous.
I'm giving you politics.
' He said, 'Pray for the politics around the world because you can see it already unfolding in South Korea, Canada, Australia, and all these other nations.
' But the Lord said the prayers of the righteous in America gave you a window.
The beast system's trying to come into play very quickly, and we see it.
So, I wanted you to see that this word came to pass today, Saturday.
I said it.
Here's the little clip: 'So, when we see this 48-hour window, like I said, I have a great intercession about Saturday.
Saturday, the Lord is highlighting Saturday, praying over Saturday, praying over our protection over America from retaliation from these decisions that will be made.
' Isn't that amazing?
Isn't that amazing?
The Spirit of God has us praying together and how He warns us.
It's accurate.
And the Lord said, 'It's time to be accurate.
Don't be flaky.
We don't want flakiness.
' So, we just keep praying.
You know, I'm human; we can miss it.
We all can miss it.
But the Lord just said, 'Keep stepping out, Brandon.
Do what I tell you to do.
' And that's what we're here to do.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for our president.
We thank you, Lord, that he has a backbone like a crowbar.
We lift him up before you, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
Praying over our country, praying over Disney World, praying over Universal, praying over these major areas because I saw the enemy within those areas.
A covering up because of tourist-time things that they saw.
Covering over there are pastors behind pulpits, mega pastors like I told you, praying over Joel Osteen.
And the Lord said, "This is trying to come up as an attack against this man's life.
" Brandon, the shot heard around the world—the things that I heard because of the fact that he holds a major megachurch.
It represents a megachurch; it represents something in the spirit realm, the largest church in America.
It represents something, and that's why the enemy was targeting it.
And so we pray for him, and we pray for his wife.
So, as we see all these things take place, whether you agree with Trump's decision or not, it's neither here nor there.
You know what I'm saying?
It doesn't matter.
It was done, and this is what we do: we pray now.
Do you see?
We pray over these things, and the end is coming soon.
Jesus is coming soon.
You say, "What if it's next year, two years?
What if it's 10 years, ladies and gentlemen?
What if it is?
" That is nothing on the scale of eternity.
If we're in the last 10 years, if we're in the last seven years, if we're in the last five years, who knows?
All I know is I'm looking for his return.
I'm looking for his return.
It could be September.
I'm looking for his return, but I'm busy about doing my Father's business because he's coming, and it's time to stay full.
Trust me, after today, you need to stay full.
You need to hear him on everything you do.
It's a very, very serious time.
You need to stay full.
So, Father, right now, we just lift up President Trump.
We lift up the cabinet before you.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers this nation: the Statue of Liberty, Times Square, the major areas of attraction in our country, the Golden Gate Bridge, these major areas.
We put the blood of Jesus over our nation.
We thank you, Father, for President Trump.
We thank you, Father, for your divine protection over us.
I thank you, Father, that you are a God that forgives us of our sins as a nation.
We repent for America for any open doors that we've opened through abortions, through all the other sins.
Father, I can name a big old list, but God, I thank you that you forgive us and that we shut the doors.
Father, we stood with your people.
We stood with Israel.
So, Father, you said that those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
And I thank you, Father, whether people agree with it or not, I believe it's the word of God, and I stand by what the word says.
So, Father, in that, I thank you for divine protection over this nation.
I thank you, Father, that you are watching over our nation.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamping around and about every believer that's watching this broadcast right now, that we will not walk in fear.
We will not walk in torment.
We will not walk in anxiety and depression, going, "Oh no, what's coming?
" No, we are fixed on Jesus, and he is our protector.
His rod and his staff, they comfort us.
We will walk through the valley of the shadow of death, and we will fear no evil, for his rod covers us.
Do you understand?
Surely goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life, and we will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
I refuse to fear, for fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
And I will not fear what the devil's trying to do.
I refuse to fear.
We have faith, and we believe in our divine protection and everything he said he would do in Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
That's what we stand by, regardless of if we know in the natural and the spirit what the Lord is warning us.
If there's a storm, we take authority over the storms concerning us.
You say, "Well, there's a financial this, there's a...
" I'm not participating in any kind of tragic event.
I'm always in the right place at the right time, doing what God's called me to do, because I hear his voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
The Good Shepherd protects me, my children, and my wife.
And I believe that a thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it shall not come nigh.
He prepares a table before me in the presence of all my enemies, and I'm just up there eating with him.
They're all down there watching, being mad because I'm eating steak, I got some lobster, whatever, butter on there.
I'm up there eating, and they're just going, "I'm so mad at him.
He's having a good meal.
" I'm just sitting with my Father.
We're having a big old dinner, and all my kids are there.
We're all just enjoying ourselves, having a big old glass of iced tea.
And I'm sitting there going, "Man, God is so good.
" And he's prepared a table in front of all my enemies.
He has a table prepared for me.
Surely goodness and mercy are following me.
Woo!
I got goodness on this side and mercy on the other, and they're running me down; they're running and overtaking me.
That's the kind of God I serve.
I don't know what you serve, ladies and gentlemen.
You could have just a weak, wimpy God inside of your spirit, but I'm telling you, God is as big as your faith will allow him to be.
Where is your faith of how God is big to you?
God will show up and show off in your life.
God is as big as your faith will allow him to be.
But you have to speak to your mountains.
You have to speak to your circumstances and tell your mountain to be thou cast into the sea.
Don't doubt in your heart; you'll have whatsoever things you say.
But I'm telling you, if you have a wimpy image of God in there, that's what you're going to get because that's what you're believing for.
"I don't believe God's going to show up and protect me.
" Well, then that's what you're going to get.
I believe he's going to protect me.
I believe he's going to prepare a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
God's hand is not short.
He's able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that I dare ask or think.
Do you believe that?
"Well, I don't know, God.
Sometimes God does, and sometimes he doesn't.
" Well, that's what you'll get because he's moved by your faith.
He's not moved by your need.
If he were moved by your need, the devil would be...
he is always creating needs, and God would be chasing after the devil, putting out fires.
"Well, the devil's creating needs, so I've got to go up there.
" God is moved by faith.
He's not moved by needs.
So my message was not to bring fear today, but to bring faith to you today, to tell you all is well in the household of faith.
All is well in all that I have seen coming in the household of faith.
I refuse to fear.
All is well in the household of faith.
Are you in the household of faith?
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
By faith, confession is made unto salvation.
You have to confess to be saved.
You have to have faith to be saved.
You see, it's all about faith.
Faith cometh.
How does it come?
"I'm going to get my faith stirred up today.
" By hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
I try to present both sides of it because I know what has the potential in the natural of what's coming next.
Pray all the way through the Fourth of July to July 6th, for much can happen between now and then.
And then pray for the month of September.
It was circled, and the Lord said, "Going into the fall, there's more.
" So we still pray for Torres.
We say, "The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
" We pray for Torres, Judge Torres.
We pray for peace and for her not to be influenced by any satanic or demonic force.
We need Torres to make a decision.
She didn't do it this week.
So next week sometime, you know, whenever Daniel said the angel had to come in and Gabriel had to come to get the message, he had to send Michael, but it took 21 days of a fast—a Daniel fast—because the Prince of Persia was blocking the message.
Okay, so here we have intercession that had to take place for days.
So that's why it's not a one-and-done sometime.
Sometimes it's persistent because you have big things that you're pushing back out of the way, saying, "Listen, you'd better listen to me, and I've got Michael coming.
He's going to whip your butt.
" See?
So you keep on keeping on.
When you don't see the full manifestation come the first time, keep on keeping on and believing.
I say, "Hey, nope.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
" And He said I can have what I say.
And I say I'm blessed.
I say I'm healed.
I say I'm delivered.
I say I'm born to prosper.
I'm born to be a success.
Do you understand?
Because as He is, so are we in this world.
People don't want to hear that.
It's the truth.
That's what the Bible says.
Glory to God!
It's time to arise and shine, for the light has come.
When all these things start happening in the days ahead, the people are going to be like, "He told me everything.
" Remember I said this: the Lord said in a 24-hour period.
In a 24-hour period—I don't know which 24-hour period it's going to take place—but He said in a time frame of a 24-hour period, everything is going to change like it did on 9/11 on another scale.
You'll wake up one day and everything will change.
And He said, "Watch this time.
It's coming.
" I said, "Okay.
" So, He doesn't give me everything.
You know why?
Because He knows I can't handle it.
He gives me bits and pieces, and He says, "This is what's coming.
" And as I keep praying it out, He gives me a little bit more.
And He says, "Here's a little bit more.
" But I have to check my pride, too, folks.
If you knew everything all the time, you'd have to deal with stuff.
People would be looking at you like you're some kind of Superman or something.
Folks, I'm just human.
I don't get everything all the time.
I get bits and pieces of what He thinks I can handle.
That's why I have to die daily.
All this stuff is like whatever.
I'm not God.
I see in part, hear in part.
And that's exactly the way He wants it because that keeps me in the place of trust.
That keeps me in the place of, "I trust you, Father.
I don't know it all.
I don't know when it's all coming.
I trust you, Father.
" When is the wealth transfer going to completely hit?
I don't know.
But I tell you what, if I knew, I would dump everything I have into it, and I would do it the day before and I'd sit there and watch.
But sometimes He says, "Do it now.
" And it's going up and down.
You go, "Man, Lord, I trust you.
Did you hear me or not?
I trust you.
My flesh is squirming.
Oh, I trust you.
Did you say it?
Well, maybe I missed it.
I trust you.
" As long as you stay in that vein of trust, putting Him first, He'll cover your good, your bad, your ugly.
What the devil meant for bad, even if you missed it, He'll turn around for good.
That's what I keep saying to myself.
"Hey, I may not always get it right, but I try.
" And as long as I'm keeping my eyes on Him, that's all that matters.
I keep my eyes on you, Lord.
If I stub my toe or skin my knee, I'm still trusting.
I'm pressing into you, Father.
I need you, Father.
I'm desperate, Father.
I inquire of the Lord like David did.
I give nothing that doesn't cost me anything.
David didn't give anything that didn't cost him something.
Everything David gave, he said...
It's like even Abraham.
He gave the land—he said, "No, I want to give you the land.
" And the neighbor said, "No, I'll buy it full price" because it's something of value to you.
What is valuable to you?
When God sees that it was painful, wow, He goes, "They really did care.
It cost them something.
Their relationship cost them something.
" Time out praying instead of doing whatever you want to do—well, maybe going out with your friends or going to a movie or whatever.
I choose to go home and watch a preaching sermon or something.
Maybe you had Thunder tickets to go to the last game and you're like, "No, I'm going to sell them to somebody else because I'm going to a prayer group.
" I don't know, I'm just giving a for-instance.
You've got the front courtside seats.
But you know, it's that kind of a sacrifice.
Why?
I just believe it's when God sees how desperate—how bad is your "want to"?
How thirsty are you in these last days for a mighty touch from Jesus?
That's like I told Billy.
I said, "I'm so hungry.
He's holding a meeting in Alaska.
" I said, "I don't know what it costs to fly to Alaska, but sir, I would love to come to Alaska and come to your meeting.
I've never been there.
" But I thought, "Man, where are you going to be around here?
" You know, he's always in Florida a lot of times, or in Pennsylvania or whatever.
He doesn't come to the central part of America very often, but I'm like, "Man, I want to be a part.
" And I saw that he was going to Alaska, and you sit there and you go, "You know, that might be fun.
" You know, I don't know.
I'm always just thinking, how big, how desperate are you?
Because that's going to cost something.
You know, if you fly to Alaska, I'm sure that's expensive.
But do you see that?
I feel like, Lord, because I'm believing for my Megan, I'm believing for her healing, I'm believing for a touch for my baby, I'm thinking, what part is it that costs me something?
And He saw the effort.
God's looking at the effort.
How desperate really are they?
Do they see me as their El Shaddai?
Do they see me as their Jehovah Jireh?
Do they see me as "I Am that I Am"?
Am I real to them?
Lip service is a lot.
People have a lot of lip service.
But when you move out by faith and you do something like the woman with the issue of blood—her punishment should have been stoning.
She was unclean.
They would be really mean to her.
Yet, here she is.
She grabs hold of it, knowing the consequences, and she's like, "If I could just...
" It cost her something.
She spent all that she had trying to get healed, but she rather grew worse.
But in the press, she grabbed hold of it.
She didn't say, "Can I be?
" She said, "I will be if I can touch it.
" Do you believe it?
That's that bulldog faith.
"If I can just get around Him just a little bit.
If I can just touch and just be around the presence of God just a little bit.
" I know if I just get even a teaspoon full, that presence will change my life forever.
One moment with God, one second with God, will change your life forever if you just get around His presence.
That's why I'm so strong about telling you all to spend time, quality time with Him daily.
"If I can just touch Him just a little bit.
If I could just listen to Him a little bit.
" One word from God will change your life forever.
One word—all I need is a word.
"If I could just hear you just a little bit today, Father, I know that it would forever change me.
" The one who spoke the stars into existence, the one who told the sea it could only go this far—"If I could just hear you just one time today.
" That's how desperate I am.
How desperate are you for change in your life?
I pray you have a hunger for it in these last days.
He said, "Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
" They will be filled with His presence.
Because in His presence, there's fullness of joy.
All I need is just one touch, one drink.
That's all I need today.
"Father, I need you.
" When will we get desperate enough to know that He wants us more than we want Him?
Well, praise the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's pray and seek Him right now.
Father, we lift up the body before You.
I got my big old thing of communion.
I used to take it with chips all the time until I got blessed with these from Amazon.
Somebody sent them to me, and I'm so thankful for whoever did that.
They're so kind.
Father, I lift up this body before You, and we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do.
I cover this house, myself, and my flesh in the blood.
I thank You, Lord, for the body that healed me by Your stripes.
I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against me will prosper.
I thank You, Father, for how much You've done for us already and more that You say is coming.
I take this body in Jesus' name, Lord.
I take the blood, and I make much of the blood today and over this nation.
I plead the blood over it, Father, and I thank You, Lord, for the blood.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us in the mighty name of Jesus.
We take the blood.
Forgive us of our sins, Father, and we thank You, Father, for the blood.
Right now, we enter into Your throne room boldly, God.
If there's anything You want to show us of what's to come, You show us.
You lead, we'll follow.
If there's nothing You want to say right now, Father, that's fine, but God, we're always here listening.
We love You.
We take the blood right now and apply it from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Father.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us and over our minds.
We thank You, Father.
We thank You, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
We thank You.
This is just the beginning.
The door is open.
Watch Europe because of the decisions that were made today.
Watch Europe now, for there will be an escalation of a greater war.
That's what the enemy tries to have in store—an escalation of a greater war.
Repercussions.
Pray over our military bases.
We pray over Iraq and all the military installations all around the Middle East right now in the name of Jesus.
The Lord says, especially in Iraq, we cover our bases right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm seeing the canal, the one that Iran controls.
Watch this canal.
They'll try to flex their arms there, but it will be short-lived.
The Navy will make this short-lived.
An economic setback like you've never seen before is coming to Iran's door, and it's here now.
He said as they try to control the Strait—I see the word, He says 'the Strait'—they'll try to control the Strait in a greater way in the days ahead, trying to flex.
But I see the Navy coming against them and blowing them out of the water.
Seriously, we're going to set up a standard against you.
You're not going to do this, for this will be a global thing.
I see Cuba again.
Mules with the Mexican cartel.
Watch the cartel.
Big money is being transferred right here; I see it.
Pray for the border patrol to find these tunnels, for there are many more of them all throughout the border stretch from Texas all the way to California.
Pray for eyes to be opened and for people to rat them out.
We pray protection over our southern border, and even the northern border of Canada.
But more corruption is on the southern border with human trafficking and drugs; there are dark things there.
But watch Cuba; I'm watching Cuba, and it's highlighted again.
The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade just got highlighted to me, and that's a long time from now.
It just said 'Macy's.
' I saw a star, but it was like a star outline with 'Macy's' on it.
This is about New York.
Watch the moon during the full moon.
For a rising of the glory, the rising of the Lord.
Great shaking.
I see a black horse riding.
Hallelujah!
I see this black horse riding, galloping upon the land soon.
I see a black stallion, and it has a rider on there that looks like a skeleton man.
He has a white cloak on his head that looks like see-through, tattered garments upon him, and he has a sickle-looking thing in his hand.
His face is skeleton-looking.
Why am I seeing this, Lord?
His clothes are like tattered garments, almost like lepers' clothes.
They're dripping off of him.
'Watch out for the attacks,' He says.
See the horse riding, and it's on the East Coast.
This demonic thing on this horse.
Shaking.
Now I'm in Europe again, but this is not finished yet.
Watch Emmanuel Macron; I see Emmanuel Macron again, and there's a great influence that's coming on him.
He'll be a mouthpiece in Europe soon in a greater way.
Emmanuel Macron will rise.
I told you he'd be like a Hitler.
Braden, he comes soon.
It's like a tyrant spirit—you can see it on him..
, I told you.
George Soros' days are limited; his season is—that door is closing for his life.
But the one rising up behind him is worse than him as he passes the baton.
Look at his eyes.
He said, 'Look at the great change that will happen soon.
' Come up higher.
"Come up higher.
" He said to me, "Come up higher.
Come up higher.
Look up.
The earth is going to experience climate changes with temperature extremes and low lows with the sun.
He's talking about the sun.
He's talking about explosions on the sun.
The sun is doing something, like having a cycle of something.
It's different.
And he's talking about the fish again.
I see fish in the water floating on the top of the water.
I see many fish on the top of the water floating dead.
They're on the water dead.
There's fish all in the sea line dead.
I see thousands of fish dead upon the sea, little fish, big fish.
And there's thousands of them on a coastline.
I believe this looks like the West Coast, all by California in this area.
This is what's happening in the water.
Pay attention to what's going on underneath the water.
There are volcanic eruptions about to take place, major things that are about to take place.
I see fish dead upon the water, not just a few, but thousands of fish dead.
Some of these things we can stop; some of these things are going to happen.
I remind you of the boat coming into Washington Harbor.
I remind you of the boat coming into Washington, DC.
It's a barge, and it has a device in the middle of the barge.
I see this device again.
I see the barge.
It's like an oil tanker.
It's like some kind of major shipping container boat, looking big.
I'll tell you what it looks like.
It's a black boat that goes up, and it has a cockpit up here, but it's long.
It's a long black boat, and the top looks red.
The deck is a red-looking deck, painted red.
I see it's a big black boat, and I don't know why I see this red up toward the front of this, but not all of it is red.
Some of it has white chipped paint.
This right here where the crew is is white, and there's white chipped paint on this where the crew is inside, where the captain is.
We pray everything be discovered and uncovered from any dirty bomb.
In the name of Jesus, everything be discovered and uncovered concerning this.
And we still pray over the vans and the big trucks.
I just saw Trump Towers again immediately when I said that, praying over Trump Towers again in Chicago and New York.
We pray over Trump Towers, these major buildings in these areas.
We call them protected.
They have glass buildings.
Remember I said they explode?
I see an explosion from the inside out, not outside in, but something inside blowing the glass out.
We call protection over Trump, the guests, and the people that are there.
Trump is not there; it's what it represents.
He's not there.
Is there anything else, Lord, you want to say today?
We call for protection over these areas right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over President Trump and over these flags.
I see flags again.
It's a representation of this over the 4th of July, praying over these flags, these half-flags like an arch semicircle, semicircles of flags with a white background.
I believe it represents a time frame, not actually an event, but a time frame.
Praying over this time frame.
Oh my goodness.
The Lord said, "That is for tomorrow.
Go get filled.
That is for tomorrow.
Close this and get filled.
" I said, "Okay, okay.
Go fill yourself.
Eat spiritually.
You've done enough today.
You warned them today.
Fill yourself.
There's more to come.
" That's what He said.
"There's more to come,, a lot more.
Pace yourself.
It's not a race; it's a marathon.
" The Lord said, "This is a marathon.
This is not a race.
You must pray these out.
" Well, praise the Lord.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for talking.
Thank you, Lord.
We never take it for granted at all.
We're so grateful, Father, that you would want to speak to us.
Thank you, Father.
I never take it for granted when you tell me all these things.
There was so much there today, and I'm so thankful, Father, for all that you have for me.
Lord, I thank you for all that you have in store.
In the name of Jesus, we plead the blood over all this prayer time today.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
Thank you, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Well, praise the Lord.
I pray that—I know there's probably a lot of you that wanted to keep going, but I feel in my spirit the Lord wants me to pray by myself for a little bit on some things.
There are some things He wants to show me, and I don't want that going to the public right now.
So, I want you to pray, keep praying, and believe God with me for what He's about to show me.
There are some things that He wants to show me that I'm going to pray over by myself for a little bit, and when He says I can release it, we'll release it.
I want you to subscribe if you could, and click the notification bell.
We really appreciate your help with this.
We're reaching the lost, one soul at a time.
We believe Jesus Christ is coming soon, folks, and we have a lot of work to do.
But sometimes when I get like this, I have to keep praying this out, and the Lord wants me to do this and show me by myself.
There are some things here that are serious.
So, I pray that this video blessed you today, and we'll see you again soon.
God bless you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.